id: 1
name: The Little Prince

The first night, I sleep on the sand. 
I am a thousand miles from a land with people. 
I think that no people are around me. 
So I am shocked when somebody speaks to me in the morning. 
I hear these words: Please, draw me a sheep. 
What? Draw me a sheep! 
I jump up. I look around. And I see a little man. 
This is the picture of the little man.
===
id: 2
name: Hotel review #1

Six of us stayed here for the weekend. 
The first thing we noticed on entering our room was how small it was. 
Our rooms were clean, but the bed cover was stained.
The furniture was really outdated, especially the bathroom, which had an old pink suite and linoleum on the floor. 
The shower was a hose that you fit onto the taps.  
The sink was in the bedroom, right next to the television sockets which seems pretty unsafe to me. 
We had dinner there, and it was well-cooked, but we were still hungry afterwards because the servings were so tiny. 
The drinks prices were extortionate - five euro for a small glass of wine. 
My friend ordered a brandy and coke, but the waitress brought him whisky and coke. 
When we complained, she just walked off! Not impressed. 
I would like to say it was cheap and cheerful but at one hundred and twenty euro a night, it was neither - overpriced and depressing more like.
===
id: 3
name: Hotel review #2

Just returned from a three day break here, and thought that the Coach Hotel was very good value for money. 
I had requested a quiet room and this was noted at reception. 
I got a great room - large, comfortable and clean, with a seating area overlooking the racecourse. 
The only disappointing thing was that there were no tea or coffee facilities in the room - not even a kettle. 
The furniture and decor was not particularly up-to-date, but that’s what you would expect from an old hotel. 
There was a wide selection of well-cooked food on offer. 
At breakfast I had poached eggs, and they were done to perfection. 
In the evening, I had a delicious three-course meal, and I wasn’t kept waiting for ages between courses, which is definitely a plus when you’re dining alone. 
I found the staff friendly and always willing to help.
===	
id: 4
name: Hotel review #3

The hotel’s is just two hundred metres walk away from the racecourse, so it’s really convenient. 
There’s plenty of space to park. 
The bed was comfortable with clean cotton sheets. Good power shower. 
I would agree with some of the less favourable reviews on the site too, though. 
The room definitely needed some attention – it smelt musty and the furniture was old, cheap and battered.  
The bin hadn't been emptied from previous guests, and there was other rubbish on the floor. 
The fan in the bathroom was very loud, and the plumbing made strange noises in the night. 
The walls were thin too. 
Breakfast was okay, but there wasn’t much of it.
===	
id: 5
name: Job application #1

I am interested in this job because I am currently looking for an opportunity to use the skills I learnt in my college. 
I have recently completed a sixteen week part-time accounting course.  
The course covered book-keeping, recording income and receipts and basic costing. 
We used a wide range of computer packages, and I picked up the accounting skills easily. 
I was able to work alone with very little extra help. 
I passed the course with merit. 
I believe my success was due to my thorough work, my numeracy skills and my attention to detail. 
During the course, I had experience of working to deadlines and working under pressure.  
Although this was sometimes stressful, I always completed my work on time.
===
id: 6
name: Job application #2

Unfortunately, the course did not include a work placement, so I have not practised my skills in a business setting, and I am now looking for an opportunity to do so.  
I am particularly looking for a job in a small company such as yours, as I believe I will be able to interact with a wider range of people, and as a result, learn more skills.  
I would like to progress within a company and gain more responsibilities over the years. 
Although I do not have work experience in finance, I have experience in working in an office environment.
Before starting the accounting course, I worked for six months in a recruitment office as a receptionist. 
My duties involved meeting and greeting clients and visitors, taking phone calls, audio and copy typing and checking stock. 
I also had to keep the petty cash and mail records.
Through this work, I developed my verbal and written communication skills. 
I had to speak confidently to strangers and deliver clear messages.  
I enjoyed working in a team environment.  
I believe the office appreciated my friendly manner and efficient work.
===	
id: 7
name: Free time

Studies say that people nowadays have more free time than ever before.
Then why doesn’t it feel that way?
These days, our free time is usually spent watching television, using computers or communicating on our phones. 
Images and information are constantly flashing into our brains, so it’s no wonder we don’t feel as if we have really switched off.  
To really wind down and help us regain our energy levels, it is important to use our free time wisely.

Don’t let anything else encroach on your free time.
Ignore the washing up and the vacuuming.
Don’t check your inbox for messages and turn off your mobile phone.
Otherwise, the lines between free time and everyday live will begin to blur, and you won’t feel refreshed.

In many free time activities, we take the role of consumer.  
When we watch TV, play video games or read, we are only passively involved.  
Take on the role of producer for a change.  
Build a model, write a blog or make an animation film.  
You will use a different part of your brains and will feel more energised as a result.
===	
id: 10
name: Tongue Twisters #1

The thirty three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
Seth at Sainsbury's sells thick socks.
Whenever the weather is cold. Whenever the weather is hot. We'll weather the weather, whatever the weather, whether we like it or not.
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish, but if you wish the wish the witch wishes, I won't wish the wish you wish to wish.
World Wide Web
If Stu chews shoes, should Stu choose the shoes he chews?
There those thousand thinkers were thinking how did the other three thieves go through.
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!
Wayne went to Wales to watch walruses.
Eleven benevolent elephants
===	
id: 11
name: Tongue Twisters #2

Six sleek swans swam swiftly southwards
Gobbling gorgoyles gobbled gobbling goblins.
Elizabeth's birthday is on the third Thursday of this month.
How many cookies could a good cook cook If a good cook could cook cookies? A good cook could cook as much cookies as a good cook who could cook cookies.
How much ground would a groundhog hog, if a groundhog could hog ground? A groundhog would hog all the ground he could hog, if a groundhog could hog ground.
Mr. Tongue Twister tried to train his tongue to twist and turn, and twit an twat, to learn the letter "T".
She saw Sherif's shoes on the sofa. But was she so sure she saw Sherif's shoes on the sofa?
Two tried and true tridents
Birdie birdie in the sky laid a turdie in my eye. If cows could fly I'd have a cow pie in my eye.
Thirty-three thirsty, thundering thoroughbreds thumped Mr. Thurber on Thursday.
===
id: 12
name: Tongue Twisters #3

Four furious friends fought for the phone.
Tie twine to three tree twigs.
Rory the warrior and Roger the worrier were reared wrongly in a rural brewery.
Caution: Wide Right Turns
I thought, I thought of thinking of thanking you.
We're real rear wheels.
I wish to wash my Irish wristwatch.
On a lazy laser raiser lies a laser ray eraser.
How much caramel can a canny canonball cram in a camel if a canny canonball can cram caramel in a camel?
He threw three free throws.
===	
id: 13
name: Tongue Twisters #4

Eddie edited it.
Wow, race winners really want red wine right away!
The ruddy widow really wants ripe watermelon and red roses when winter arrives.
I'll chew and chew until my jaws drop.
Sounding by sound is a sound method of sounding sounds.
Excited executioner exercising his excising powers excessively.
Double bubble gum, bubbles double.
This is the sixth zebra snoozing thoroughly.
Nothing is worth thousands of deaths.
It's not the cough that carries you off, it's the coffin they carry you off in!
===
id: 14
name: Tongue Twisters #5

I see a sea down by the seashore. But which sea do you see down by the seashore?
Thin grippy thick slippery.
There those thousand thinkers were thinking where did those other three thieves go through.
Love's a feeling you feel when you feel you're going to feel the feeling you've never felt before.
Truly rural, truly rural, truly rural.
A turbot's not a burbot, for a turbot's a butt, but a burbot's not.
Round and round the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
Bake big batches of bitter brown bread.
Which wristwatch is a Swiss wristwatch?
An elephant was asphyxiated in the asphalt.
===	
id: 15
name: Tongue Twisters #6

While we were walking, we were watching window washers wash Washington's windows with warm washing water.
A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough.
After falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.
Twelve twins twirled twelve twigs.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
Three tree turtles took turns talking tongue twisters. 
If three tree turtles took turns talking tongue twisters, where's the twisters the three tree turtles talked?
No need to light a night light on a light night like tonight.
Seven slick and sexy sealskin ski suits slid slowly down the slope.
Dear mother, give your other udder to my other brother.
Certified certificates from certified certificate certifiers.
===	
id: 16
name: Tongue Twisters #7

Are our oars oak?
Around the rugged rocks the ragged rascal ran.
Draw drowsy ducks and drakes.
I'm not the pheasant plucker,  I'm the pheasant plucker's mate. 
I'm only plucking pheasants. Cause the pheasant plucker's late.
Listen to the local yokel yodel.
We surely shall see the sun shine soon.
If you understand, say "understand". If you don't understand, say "don't understand". 
But if you understand and say "don't understand". How do I understand that you understand? Understand!
You curse, I curse, we all curse, for asparagus!
===
id: 17
name: Interview dialog #1

- Hi Mary.
- Oh, hi.
- How are you doing?
- I'm doing alright. How about you?
- Not too bad. The weather is great isn't it?
- Yes. It's absolutely beautiful today.
- I wish it was like this more frequently.
- Me too.
- So where are you going now?
- I'm going to meet a friend of mine at the department store.
- Going to do a little shopping?
- Yeah, I have to buy some presents for my parents.
- What's the occasion?
- It's their anniversary.
- That's great. Well, you better get going. You don't want to be late.
- I'll see you next time.
- Sure. Bye.
===
id: 18
name: Interview dialog #2 

- Hi. My name is Josh. It's a pleasure to meet you.
- Hi Josh. I'm glad to be here.
- Did you have any problems finding this place.
- I didn't have any problems. I found directions on the internet so it was pretty easy to find. However, the traffic was not that great.
- Traffic is never good around here.
- I agree. It would be great if there was a train or a subway line that went through here.
- That would be so great. I would definitely take the train if they had it.
- Trains are great because you can read a book or get a little rest instead of having to fight the traffic.
- Very true. Well, let me begin by telling you about our company.
===
id: 19
name: Interview dialog #3

- Good morning, I am here for my interview.
- Hello, nice to meet you. I'm John. Have any trouble finding the place?
- No problem.
- So why don't you tell me why you are interested in changing positions?
- Unfortunately, our company is shutting down due to the economy.
- What would you consider your strengths?
- I am probably best at researching for marketing purposes.
- What is your biggest weakness?
- I tend to get bored easily and so love to keep myself challenged.
- We have a position where that could work out well.
===
id: 20
name: Restaurant dialog

- Can I see a menu, please?
- Certainly, here you are.
- Thank you. What's today's special?
- Grilled tuna and cheese on rye.
- That sounds good. I'll have that.
- Would you like something to drink?
- Yes, I'd like a coke.
- Thank you. ... Here you are. Enjoy your meal!
- Thank you.
- Can I get you anything else?
- No thanks. I'd like the check, please.
- That'll be fourteen dollars.
- Here you are. Keep the change!
- Thank you! Have a good day!
- Goodbye.
===
id: 21
name: Hotel dialog

- Good morning Sir. May I help you?
- Good morning. I need a room.
- Do you require a single or double room or a suite?
- Well! A single room will do.
- Please fill your name in this register.
- May I know the tariff please?
- It's nine hundred rupees a day.
- Does it include breakfast?
- No sir. It's just for the accommodation sir.
- Is the room air conditioned?
- All our rooms are centrally air-conditioned.
- Do you have a restaurant?
- Not one. We have three. We offer Indian, Western and Chinese cuisine catered by the different restaurants.
- Well! That's good news. I can choose different cuisine for different meals.
- May I know the duration of your stay?
- Oh! I haven't filled that column because I haven't decided on my period of stay yet. It all depends on how early or how late I am going to finish my work. But, tentatively, I shall write it as four days.
- That'll do. Please inform us about your extension one day earlier.
- Sure. By the way, do you have laundry facility here?
- Yes. Please call up the housekeeping department and they will have the clothes picked up.
- How do I get the extension phone numbers for all the departments?
- All the in-house phone numbers are in a list kept near the telephone.
- Oh! That will do. Thank you. You have been very helpful.
- My pleasure! I am here to help you.
- Thanks. Well I am rather tired. Can you please ask the bellboy to bring my luggage to the room?
- Certainly. Here's your key.
- Thank you very much.
- You're welcome.
===
id: 22
name: Phone dialog

- Hello John! How are you?
- Hello Mary! I am fine.
- Have you done the homework in Maths?
- No. I am ill.
- Will you come to school today?
- No. I will send a leave letter.
- What is your trouble?
- I am suffering from head ache.
- Did you consult a doctor?
- No. I am taking tablets.
- Is your Mother at home?
- Yes. She is.
- Shall I come for help?
- Please come to inform me about the lessons taught today. 
===
id: 101
name: The Poem
audio: audio/advanced-pronunciation-fun-english.mp3
source: https://reallifeglobal.com/fun-english-advanced-pronunciation-exercise-test-your-skills/
copyright: RealLife English

I take it you already know
Of tough and bough and cough and dough
Others may stumble, but not you 
On hiccough, thorough, laugh, and through.

And cork and work and card and ward 
And font and front and word and sword
Well done! And now if you wish, perhaps 
To learn of less familiar traps.

Beware of heard, a dreadful word 
That looks like beard and sounds like bird.
And dead: it’s said like bed, not bead
For goodness sakes don’t call it deed.

Watch out for meat and great and threat, 
They rhyme with suite and straight and debt.
A moth is not a moth in mother, 
Nor both in bother, broth in brother.

And here is not a match for there, 
And dear and fear for bear and pear.
And then there’s dose and rose and lose 
Just look them up – and goose and choose,

And do and go, then thwart and cart. 
Come, come, I’ve hardly made a start!
A dreadful language? Man alive! 
I’d mastered it when I was five.
===
id: 102
name: G. N. Trenité - The Chaos
audio: audio/G. N. Trenité - The Chaos.mp3

Dearest creature in creation,
Study English pronunciation.
I will teach you in my verse
Sounds like corpse, corps, horse, and worse.
I will keep you, Suzy, busy,
Make your head with heat grow dizzy.
Tear in eye, your dress will tear.
So shall I! Oh hear my prayer.

Just compare heart, beard, and heard,
Dies and diet, lord and word,
Sword and sward, retain and Britain.
(Mind the latter, how it's written.)
Now I surely will not plague you
With such words as plaque and ague.
But be careful how you speak:
Say break and steak, but bleak and streak;
Cloven, oven, how and low,
Script, receipt, show, poem, and toe.

Hear me say, devoid of trickery,
Daughter, laughter, and Terpsichore,
Typhoid, measles, topsails, aisles,
Exiles, similes, and reviles;
Scholar, vicar, and cigar,
Solar, mica, war and far;
One, anemone, Balmoral,
Kitchen, lichen, laundry, laurel;
Gertrude, German, wind and mind,
Scene, Melpomene, mankind.

Billet does not rhyme with ballet,
Bouquet, wallet, mallet, chalet.
Blood and flood are not like food,
Nor is mould like should and would.
Viscous, viscount, load and broad,
Toward, to forward, to reward.
And your pronunciation's OK
When you correctly say croquet,
Rounded, wounded, grieve and sieve,
Friend and fiend, alive and live.

Ivy, privy, famous; clamour
And enamour rhyme with hammer.
River, rival, tomb, bomb, comb,
Doll and roll and some and home.
Stranger does not rhyme with anger,
Neither does devour with clangour.
Souls but foul, haunt but aunt,
Font, front, wont, want, grand, and grant,
Shoes, goes, does. Now first say finger,
And then singer, ginger, linger,
Real, zeal, mauve, gauze, gouge and gauge,
Marriage, foliage, mirage, and age.

Query does not rhyme with very,
Nor does fury sound like bury.
Dost, lost, post and doth, cloth, loth.
Job, nob, bosom, transom, oath.
Though the differences seem little,
We say actual but victual.
Refer does not rhyme with deafer.
Foeffer does, and zephyr, heifer.
Mint, pint, senate and sedate;
Dull, bull, and George ate late.
Scenic, Arabic, Pacific,
Science, conscience, scientific.

Liberty, library, heave and heaven,
Rachel, ache, moustache, eleven.
We say hallowed, but allowed,
People, leopard, towed, but vowed.
Mark the differences, moreover,
Between mover, cover, clover;
Leeches, breeches, wise, precise,
Chalice, but police and lice;
Camel, constable, unstable,
Principle, disciple, label.

Petal, panel, and canal,
Wait, surprise, plait, promise, pal.
Worm and storm, chaise, chaos, chair,
Senator, spectator, mayor.
Tour, but our and succour, four.
Gas, alas, and Arkansas.
Sea, idea, Korea, area,
Psalm, Maria, but malaria.
Youth, south, southern, cleanse and clean.
Doctrine, turpentine, marine.

Compare alien with Italian,
Dandelion and battalion.
Sally with ally, yea, ye,
Eye, I, ay, aye, whey, and key.
Say aver, but ever, fever,
Neither, leisure, skein, deceiver.
Heron, granary, canary.
Crevice and device and aerie.

Face, but preface, not efface.
Phlegm, phlegmatic, ass, glass, bass.
Large, but target, gin, give, verging,
Ought, out, joust and scour, scourging.
Ear, but earn and wear and tear
Do not rhyme with here but ere.
Seven is right, but so is even,
Hyphen, roughen, nephew Stephen,
Monkey, donkey, Turk and jerk,
Ask, grasp, wasp, and cork and work.

Pronunciation - think of Psyche!
Is a paling stout and spikey?
Won't it make you lose your wits,
Writing groats and saying grits?
It's a dark abyss or tunnel:
Strewn with stones, stowed, solace, gunwale,
Islington and Isle of Wight,
Housewife, verdict and indict.

Finally, which rhymes with enough -
Though, through, plough, or dough, or cough?
Hiccough has the sound of cup.
My advice is to give up!